[REVIEW] Initial cuspatial java layer bindings [skip ci] (#290)
rapidsai/cuspatial: CHANGELOG.md

# cuSpatial 0.16.0 (Date TBD)

## New Features

> - PR #290 Add Java binding hence a cuSpatial JAR package for Java users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PR #290 Add Java bindings and a cuSpatial JAR package for Java users.
```
